♪ I came to get up,
so everybody get down ♪
♪ Get down, get down, get down,
you gotta ♪
Should we be flattered
that Sergeant Grey
selected us to represent
the department
at this block party?
I think you're forgetting
four key words --
On our day off.
I'll take it
as a vote of confidence.
This is some great swag.
Did you get this from Grey?
I think Officer Above and Beyond
bought those himself.
Hey. I got a guy at Kinko's,
okay?
Mm-hmm.
All right, you guys
make yourself useful
and, uh, fill these up
with water.
I saw a hose
in that side yard.
♪♪
How you doing?
Fine.
You want to talk
about it?
There's nothing
to talk about.
So let's just focus
on the work.
I just wanted to make sure
you weren't still mad.
Do I look mad?
No.
♪♪
Look, you're on the rebound
from a 20-year marriage.
This was never gonna be
long-term.
So let's just move on.
♪♪
Is that your girlfriend?
Hey, kids.
Ever been tased?
Nice pins.
Thank you, sir.
This might be your only hope
to lure those kids from LAFD.
All due respect, sir,
they have a fire engine.
To a 6-year-old,
that's crack.
♪♪
I am not gonna be shown up
by some department
that publishes
shirtless calendars.
West, Chen,
let's get in the game.
♪♪
Hey, Antonio.
Here's a button.
Okay.
Um, I guess
I have stickers.
Hey. Hypothetically,
if a neighborhood cat
has been killed
and the owners
contact the authorities,
will you investigate?
Did you kill a cat?
I told you
the cat's hypothetical.
Did you kill anything
non
Hey! They're free!
You don't have to r-run.
[ Indistinct shouting
in distance ]
♪♪
Hey, guys.
Where's your friend?
He ran out of ammo.
♪♪
Help! He's not breathing!
I need a CPR mask.
♪♪
Clear out!
Grab that gurney!
♪♪
Good job, Antonio.
Thank you.
Good job.
♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
whoa, oh, oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna win for you ♪
♪ Like I know
you want me to do ♪
Lucy?
♪♪
Oh!
Ben?
Whoa. Hey.
Well, is that
how you greet
your best friend
turned landlord?
I wasn't expecting you
for another week.
Well, I got homesick.
I mean, I was also worried
that I abandoned you
in your time of need.
Yeah, it's been really tough
living here.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Come here.
Good to see you.
You too.
Oh, man. You look good.
Thank you.
Coffee machine?
Yeah.
Hot off the factory floor.
It's from my foundation
in Guatemala
that empowers young mothers
by helping them to start
their own business.
Making hot beverages.
Among other things.
I didn't think you'd want
the lactation device.
Good call.
Yeah.
So, when did you start
carrying a gun?
When I became a cop.
Oh. You didn't think
I was gonna see it through.
No.
Well, maybe a little.
Yeah, I just assumed
that you'd get distracted
by the sunshine
and yoga instructors.
Not that anyone
would blame you.
But, uh, being a cop
seems really dangerous.
It is, but it's also
very fulfilling.
That's great.
You needed a purpose.
I-I did have a thing
with one of my fellow rookies.
That was dumb.
Why?
We're both responsible adults.
How old is she?
28.
You've been 40
since you were 20, right?
Not everybody's like you.
Was it serious?
Yeah.
Then it's good that I'm home.
Tim: All right, settle down.
Settle down.
Listen. Everyone knows
what today is,
and I just want to say
that Team Bradford
is gonna dominate
once again.
Yeah,
not this year, Blondie.
Dominate what?
The Roundup.
Happens everyone year
when the rookies are a month
into the job.
The T.O.s sponsor
a competition
for the most felony arrests
in one shift.
Sounds like fun.
What?
We were both there
when pub trivia
almost got violent.
Mm-hmm.
I like a little
healthy competition.
-Mm.
You're cutthroat
and relentless.
Which I respect.
Sgt. Grey:
All right, settle down.
Don't think I didn't see you
up in my spot, Bradford.
So, I am aware that today
is the day
where our T.O. units compete
for most arrests.
Under no circumstance does
the department endorse this.
Meaning...
I don't want to hear
about your points or strategy.
Am I clear,
Officer Bradford?
Yes, sir.
This job isn't about winning.
It's about good policing
and teamwork.
We win at any cost.
Oh. But Sergeant Grey
just said --
He said he doesn't want
to hear about it,
which is different
than saying don't do it.
Now, the scoring
is like football.
7 points
for a felony arrest.
3 points
for a misdemeanor.
And we focus on quality
over quantity.
Okay.
So what's our strategy?
So, slow and steady
or shock and awe?
Neither.
We're not playing.
But Jackson said
all the T.O.s compete.
Well,
he was misinformed.
But if we were to win --
Officer Nolan,
if you make it to T.O.,
then you can choose
to play.
But right now,
the decision is mine.
And we will not be
participating.
Is that clear?
Understood.
♪♪
Hold up, Boot.
What?
♪♪
What is that?
Insurance.
♪♪
-Nell.
-Hey.
Look at you.
You are positively glowing.
What's your secret?
Um...I hiked Malibu Creek
yesterday.
You should try it.
Good for the soul.
I bet.
Listen, I saw this
at the bookstore yesterday,
thought of you.
That is so sweet.
Oh, my gosh. Kilimanjaro --
I have been dying to go someday.
You will.
Hey. So, listen,
as calls come in
that sound like felony arrests,
can you send them to us?
And not over the radio?
Um, that would qualify
as favoritism. So...
But I am your favorite.
Come on. For me?
Isn't that cheating?
I'm celebrating
the unsung heroes of the LAPD.
In exchange for hot calls.
Isn't our job to respond
to any crime,
no matter
the anticipated outcome?
Of course.
But if you're gonna be
some Pollyanna on my
shoulder all day,
I'll be happy to loan you out
to clean the drunk tank.
Heard there were some
heavy pukers there last night.
♪♪
Clearly, I misspoke
when I said cheating. I --
Oh, you gotta be
kidding me.
Jackson: Oh, hey!
Look what we found
just two blocks away.
A burglary
and a conspiracy lookout.
Are you here
booking someone?
No.
Oh. Then I guess
we're first on the boards.
14 points.
Hey!
Aah!
Dispatch: 7-Adam-15,
property damage.
Washington at Carson.
Multiple callers report man
on scaffolding
causing a 4-15.
LAFD on scene.
Man:
Come on down, okay?!
Nolan: Is this
a Banksy thing?
Talia: Don't care.
It's a crime thing.
So is there a reason we can't
compete in The Roundup?
"Because I said so" should be
all the reason you need.
If you're worried
I can't be impartial
because of Lucy, don't be.
'Cause that's over now.
Really.
How're you handling it?
See a little blame
in your eyes.
No, ma'am.
It's the right thing to do.
And do not worry.
It will not affect my work.
Glad to hear that.
I'm gonna go check in
with the fire captain.
Keep an eye
on our vandal.
Right.
Man: Hey, come down!
Dispatch: 7-Adam-07,
wellness check, 552 Oakwood.
ER nurse reports patient
with suspected stroke
disappeared
from the hospital.
7-Adam-7, show us Code 6
on the wellness check.
14 points out the gate.
You ever done that before?
No, but we got to keep
the pressure on.
Bradford's always got
a trick or two up his sleeve.
I hope our patient
didn't come home and croak,
or we'll get stuck here
all day.
Wow, less than an hour
into the competition
and you're already exhibiting
a visible lack of compassion.
I'm sorry. You're right.
That was extremely insensitive
of me.
Police.
Mr. Walker?
Yeah?
Sir, are you okay?
Your ER nurse said you left
the hospital
before you were discharged.
She tried calling you,
but you didn't answer.
Oh. Uh  I'm -- I'm --
I'm sorry.
I was feeling better,
and that hospital food,
you know, it's just --
it's just so awful.
So I came home
for some leftovers.
Can you please
tell her thank you from me
for --
for checking up on me?
Yeah. Sure thing.
Hope you feel better, sir.
-Thank you.
Okay, sweet. He's fine.
And we can get back
out there.
What?
He was lying to us.
About what?
I don't know.
But he was clearly nervous.
You were so ready to move on,
you missed it.
♪♪
Stealing opioids
from the hospital
is a felony,
Mr. Walker.
I'm just making ends meet.
You know how hard it is
to live on a fixed income?
My grandparents moved
into a townhouse.
Just saying.
There's options.
Any way
we can speed things up?
I've blown up pool rafts
faster.
Ah, we almost there, bro.
Meanwhile,
got to stay hydrated.
Thanks.
Hey, good job
with that kid yesterday.
I mean, my part gets
all the attention,
but you were
the real hero.
Well, my son was a daredevil
since birth.
Had to keep an eye on him
24/7.
You sound like my dad, man.
Hey, that rookie cop, Lucy,
is she single?
'Cause I picked up on a vibe
yesterday.
I think so.
Cool.
Thanks, bro.
♪♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Whoa-oh, oh-oh-oh,
oh, oh, oh ♪
Hey, there.
You got something
against Ganja Garden
or just signs
in general?
You think that's funny?
You know, five years ago,
I got pulled over
with an ounce of weed
in my car.
An ounce.
I couldn't afford
no lawyer,
so the public defender
made me take a deal.
Five years
I sat in that box, man.
And you mean to tell me
all these little
Silver Lake hipster kids,
they can just walk around,
vaping like it's nothing?
I can see
why you're frustrated.
Don't patronize me, man.
Because it was a cop
just like you
that put me in that box.
You know, my mom died
while I was inside, man.
And now every time I fill out
a job application,
I gotta put down felon.
Okay, look, what --
what happened to you was wrong.
Okay, this -- this is just gonna
make it worse. Right?
Come on. Let's --
Let's get down from here.
♪♪
Okay.
-Nolan!
♪♪
Aah!
Ow!
Officer Nolan,
is there a reason
you're walking
with an OG lean?
Oh, no.
I just, uh --
My right shoulder's
just a little tingly.
Huh. 'Cause I don't remember
telling you
to climb up there
and remove the suspect.
And you don't put yourself
in a high-risk situation
without my say-so.
Right.
I just had
a slight miscommunication
with that firefighter.
Is that right?
Is that the same guy
who asked me
about a hot rookie
named Lucy?
You too?
God, that guy's a piece of work.
♪♪
Is that why you ignored
proper protocol
and climbed up there?
Or was it
the competition?
Uh...okay, look,
you told me to stop dating Lucy,
and I did.
And you told me
I couldn't compete.
Haven't I earned a slightly
longer leash with you?
No. And after what happened
out there,
it's clear
you don't deserve one.
♪♪
Nolan and Talia
are on the board.
Damn it. Call Nell.
Put her on speaker.
Hello?
Hey,
it's Officer Bradford.
You haven't forgotten about me,
have you?
No.
Of course not.
Um, we've actually just --
we've been a little slow.
Oh, um, we just got
a 911 call --
DUI hit-and-run,
teenage pedestrian injured.
Black 528i.
Last seen eastbound on Melrose.
Perfect.
Attach us to that, please.
And, Nell...
Mm
...you're the best.
7-Adam-15, we have
a noise complaint
at the Eaton Company Lofts,
number 501.
Talia: We're gonna
shut this down.
No cowboy stuff.
Understood?
Yes, ma'am.
You've been very clear.
Really?
Is that why you're on
a group text about the score?
You can't keep secrets from me,
Officer Nolan.
I thought we established that.
So stop trying.
Yes, ma'am.
LAPD.
Open up, Mr. Askari.
Pete:  Whoo.
Uh, coming.
Just give me a second.
Open up!
Ah. Can I help you?
We got
a noise complaint.
You've been playing loud music
for hours.
Hmm. Sorry. Just blowing off
a little steam.
My office is next door.
I stay here
when I work late.
We were just having
a little fun.
No harm in that, right?
Depends on what kind of fun
you're having.
Uh, just give us
a moment.
I do believe he's paying
these ladies.
What's the point?
Well, shouldn't we arrest them
for prostitution?
With what evidence?
Cite the guy for noise,
identify the girls.
We'll pass it on
to Vice.
Hey, Mr. Askari,
I'm just gonna need, uh,
a little bit
of information.
Sure.
Hello.
Officer Bishop,
we have a gun.
Hmm.
Do you have a permit
for this weapon, sir?
A friend gave it to me.
That's a felony
weapon possession.
Everybody get dressed.
We're taking Peter
for a ride.
You all paid up
with the girls?
-Nice try.
-Almost had him.
Yeah.
Nell seems nice.
What's your point?
She likes you.
She's doing me a favor.
That's all.
I'm married, Officer Chen,
and this isn't something
you and I talk about.
Keep your eyes peeled
for our DUI.
Yes, sir.
There.
7-Adam-19,
DUI suspect sighted heading east
on Melrose.
7-Adam-19, turning north
onto Serrano.
♪♪
Let's go, Boot.
He might try and run.
LAPD. Hands.
Don't move.
Show us your hands.
Whoa.
This is a first.
♪♪
Don't worry.
I'm not going a-anywhere.
7-Adam-19, DUI suspect crashed
at Melrose and Serrano.
We need ambulance and fire,
Code 3.
Lucy: Okay, sir,
just hang in there.
The ambulance is here now.
Driver:
Should I pull it out?
No, no, no.
Don't move, don't move.
Stay still.
I'm gonna cut this pipe.
Three...two --
♪♪
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can and
will be used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right
to an attorney present
during questioning.
If you cannot afford
an attorney,
one will be appointed
to represent you.
Do you understand
each of these rights?
Yes, sir.
Now, you're required
to provide a chemical sample
if suspected of driving
while impaled --
sorry, impaired.
You can choose
between blood, breath,
or urine.
A refusal will result
in the immediate suspension
of your license
for a minimum of a year.
Yes.
We need to get him
to surgery!
No, not before I get
my blood draw.
21-gauge vial.
Can't this wait?
He's obviously --
Wait, what
He's what
This guy got drunk
and hit a kid with his car,
maybe killed him.
If we wait,
his blood alcohol
will return to normal,
and we'll lose a crucial piece
of evidence.
And you sure this has nothing
to do
with the 7-point
felony arrest?
Boot, criminals get hurt
all the time during a crime.
They don't get special treatment
if they get a boo-boo.
Understood?
Yes, sir.
♪♪
Now call in
our 7 points.
♪♪
There must be some way
we can work this out.
Are you offering us
a bribe?
Everyone knows
that cops are underpaid.
Yeah, don't look at me.
I don't pay rent,
and I live right by the ocean.
Mr. Askari, you're already
facing one felony.
You want to add
to those charges?
No. Let's just get this
over with.
Officer Bishop. Captain wants
to see you in the bullpen.
Start processing him.
I'll be back.
Okay.
All right, I'm gonna need
your shoes and your socks.
There.
I know that look.
I mean, I've never been caught
in a room full of hookers
with a gun before,
but I can clearly see
you're not looking forward
to the phone call to your wife.
My wife's
the least of my problems.
What does that mean?
News travels quick
in my line of work.
And what line of work
is that?
Banking.
♪♪
You know that guy?
Yeah.
He's the lawyer.
I mean, my lawyer.
Article 849B authorizes
peace officers
to release arrested persons
from custody
due to insufficient grounds
to file a complaint
against said person.
Conceal and carry permit.
Signed by Judge Sather.
How'd you even know
he was arrested?
Did one of his hookers
call you?
Who called me
is not your concern.
You have no right
to hold my client,
so release him immediately.
You can stop printing him.
Suspect's attorney has provided
a permit for the weapon.
He has?
Is that a problem?
Do you not want to go?
No.
I mean yes, yes.
Can you take him
to his lawyer?
Clerk: Mm-hmm.
Nolan: I don't get it.
If he had a permit
for the gun,
why not just tell us
back at the apartment?
I doubt he had one
an hour ago.
Can you get a permit
that fast?
If you know
the right people.
Usually when a fancy lawyer
shows up
with a same-day permit,
there's usually a link
to organized crime.
You had the "big fish,
little fish" conversation yet?
No.
Only big fish,
little fish I'm familiar with
are Dr. Seuss-related.
This is not that.
There is a hierarchy
on the street,
just like there is
in here.
Patrol are
the foot soldiers.
Little fish.
Dealing with
the other guy's foot soldiers.
The bigger their fish,
the higher up the ladder
you have to go.
Mr. Askari is clearly connected
to a big fish
who has the juice
to get that kind of permit.
Lopez: The numbers are
black and white.
We have 28,
while each of you only has 7.
There's still a whole
second half of our shift.
And you know I'm a closer.
You know
we're not playing.
Oh, right,
you're above all this.
Mm. When you're chief,
we promise not to divulge
you had any fun on the job.
It's not fun.
It's a relic of a time
when the department
drove a wedge between the cops
and the community.
I get it. You think it promotes
an "us versus them" mentality.
And you're right. But the "them"
isn't the community.
It's the criminals.
I just arrested a guy for
putting a teenager in a coma.
And I'm not gonna apologize
for hustling
to get that guy
off the street.
I'm not asking you to.
All I'm asking you to do
is take a hard look
as to whether this contest
teaches those rookies
the right lesson.
I just don't think
septuagenarians
should even count.
I don't know
why we're arguing about it.
'Cause you're a bad loser.
A felony drug bust
is a felony drug bust.
He does this
with Monopoly.
Changes the rules mid-game.
When did we play Monopoly?
That time you were out
with your parents, I think.
You weren't there.
It was, um...
No.
When was this?
Time to go, Boot.
Okay. All right.
♪♪
You okay?
Fine. I'm just focusing
on the job.
I meant your arm.
You're clearly in pain.
No. If I was in pain,
could I do this?
That firefighter, Antonio,
said you did a high dive.
When did you talk
to Antonio?
He called.
That was fast.
Is that a problem?
Not at all. No.
We're moving on, right?
♪♪
Yeah. Right.
Do I need to be worried
that your mood
is gonna affect our chances
in this competition?
I'm fine.
Because I've won this
five years and counting.
Yeah, I get it.
I won't let you down.
You're clear what happened
earlier with our DUI, right?
That wasn't about score.
It was about making sure
that guy sees
the inside of a cell.
Yeah. It's just --
It's hard
when he's the one
that's bleeding out
in front of you.
Understood.
But it's our job to always
maintain perspective.
Hey, so we just got a call about
an armored car robbery.
Suspects were seen wearing ski
masks on Wilshire and Robertson.
Hot damn.
We're back in it.
♪ Na-na-na, na, na-na-na,
na-na-na, na-na-na ♪
♪ Welcome to my life ♪
♪ Na-na-na, na, na-na-na,
na-na-na, na-na-na ♪
Get down, Boot.
♪ Oh! ♪
♪♪
What happened?
There's a safety feature
in armored cars
that allows drivers to escape
to the back under fire.
They're now locked
in a bulletproof fortress,
and we're gonna be here all day
trying to get them out.
7-Adam-19, shots fired.
Suspects barricaded,
requesting SWAT.
I'll call
the armored car company.
They should have
a master key.
It'll take them hours
to get here.
Hours where Lopez and Talia are
running up the score on us.
You seem more interested
in that
than in us getting lit up
by the guys in the truck.
What happened
to maintaining perspective?
You know,
save the psychoanalysis
for Christmas dinner
with the folks, okay?
My perspective
is spot-on.
I want to win
and put these guys behind bars.
Yeah, I do, too. But they're not
going down without a fight.
We need backup.
And I called for it.
Which is what they expect us
to do.
They think --
They think we'll stay here
all day and wait for them.
Which means their guard
will be down.
♪♪
It's bulletproof. You're not
gonna get in with that.
I don't need to get in.
I need them to come out.
If they're armed and barricaded,
we should wait for SWAT.
The weapons won't matter
if they can't see anything.
Cover the back.
♪♪
Just add pepper spray
and...
♪♪
Drop your weapon!
Down on the ground!
Down on the ground
and on your stomachs!
Hands behind your head!
Put your hands
behind your back.
Felony carjacking,
armed robbery,
attempted murder.
That's 14 more points,
Boot.
Capt. Andersen: I know
who the banker's big fish is.
Viggo Petrov. High-ranking
member of the Odessa Mafia.
The Russian mob?
They're responsible
for heroin,
money laundering,
prostitution.
How does Peter connect?
DEA suspects that he's
Petrov's money launderer.
Explains why they sent
the lawyer so quickly.
Petrov can't risk Peter
getting chatty
when faced with jail time.
Mm-hmm.
DEA was actually pissed
that we let him go so quickly.
They thought I should be
holding on to him
for the full 24 hours
the law allows.
I told him I don't do business
that way.
How'd that go over?
As well
as you can imagine.
Hey. Tim and Lucy
just got 14 more points.
We need to get
back out there.
Do I feel like
salty or sweet?
Did you hear what I said?
Relax.
We're still in the lead.
There's only a few more hours
left in our shift.
Teams lose
when they play it safe.
They also lose when they abandon
the fundamentals.
I rushed through a few arrests
when I played as a rookie,
and they got bounced.
I learned the hard way
that guns blazing isn't a good
mode for this line of work.
Does that mean we're not gonna
try and win this thing?
It means we need to win it
the right way.
Is that a problem?
No, ma'am.
Good answer.
Salty.
Uh, where --
where are you going?
Uh, my shift's over.
Mine's not.
Uh, any way you can stick around
and be a part
of the Bradford team
a little longer?
How much longer?
Three hours?
Well, that will cost you.
A drink.
I mean, later. After.
When you're off-duty.
Deal.
Okay, thanks.
Mm-hmm.
7-Adam-15, mother and child
causing a disturbance
at Southland Sanctuary Shelter.
69302 Western.
It's not right! Where the hell
are we supposed to go?!
Ma'am, I'm gonna need you
to calm down a bit.
Talia:
Ma'am, what's going on?
Anna: We need beds. We slept
on the street last night,
but it's not safe.
-I'm sorry.
I wish we could help,
but we have no empty beds.
And state law prohibits us
from accepting any more people.
Hi, there, little guy.
I'm John.
You look cold.
Are you feeling cold?
Okay. Hang on a second.
I'll be right back.
Did you tell her about
other shelters in the area?
Yes. But they've already been
turned away at the ones nearby.
All right.
Here you go.
This'll help a little.
That'll warm you up.
You can keep that.
Thanks.
Officer Nolan, a word?
They can't sleep
in the lobby.
We're gonna have
to escort them out.
That's not right.
We can't just kick them out.
Yeah, well, unfortunately,
this city has 60,000 homeless.
We can't find beds
for all of them.
No, but we can find beds
for these two.
Even if it takes
the rest of our shift
and you lose
the competition?
Well, we're not playing.
Remember?
Okay.
Can you give us a list
of all the city shelters?
We're gonna start making
some calls.
Okay.
♪♪
Yeah, no, thank you
for double-checking.
No, I get it.
Yes.
Thank you.
Those are the last ones.
What about taking them
out of the city?
We could give them a ride.
No, we can't.
Sadly, there's --
there's nothing more we can do.
♪♪
I'm sorry,
but we, uh --
we couldn't find you a place
to sleep tonight.
I'm so sorry.
Thank you for trying.
♪♪
This is why I don't play.
'Cause it's not a game.
♪♪
I'm sorry.
Go on.
I did blame you
for Lucy,
even though I know
you were looking out for her.
And then you barred me
from the competition,
and I --
Well, let's just say it has not
been my finest day on the job.
We're not robots,
Officer Nolan.
We all have bad days.
But our bad days
pale in comparison
to the people we meet.
They need us at our best.
You ever struggle
with that?
Every day.
I just don't show it.
Dispatch: 7-Adam-15,
homeowner called
about a possible intruder.
71 Holmby Avenue.
7-Adam-15, copy.
Huh.
What?
Our banker -- Peter Askari --
he's the homeowner.
7-Adam-15, be advised.
That call was just canceled.
Homeowner reporting
it was a raccoon.
7-Adam-15, copy.
You buying that?
What?
Our mob banker,
who was clearly freaked out
over being arrested,
calls 911 about an intruder
the same night.
I'm just saying,
what if it wasn't a raccoon?
You think he called again
under duress?
I think it's worth
taking a look.
Big fish, little fish,
Officer Nolan.
If it turns out to be something,
we'll call in the big fish.
Which is who again,
exactly?
SWAT.
♪♪
Seems quiet.
Heard you attached
to a false alarm.
Figured something big
might be up.
How'd you hear that?
Did you bribe dispatch again?
Lucy: Again?
I just thought you might need
some backup.
Unless you're too focused
on getting
all the points
for yourself.
We're not playing.
Well, then, you won't mind us
tagging along.
♪♪
I got a body.
They slit her throat.
7-Adam-15, requesting SWAT
for a hostage situation,
one dead, Code 3.
Woman:
Peter: No, no!
No, no, no, no,
no, no, no!
-Guys, we can't wait.
If they've already killed one,
they can kill the banker
and his wife at any moment.
We need to go in now.
So, what,
we go in stealth?
Yeah.
Upstairs or downstairs?
We'll take upstairs.
♪♪
[ Indistinct shouting
in distance ]
Woman:
"I don't know. I don't know."
Stop lying!
Askari: Stop!
Stop, please!
No. No!
Wait.
Wait, wait, wait. No.
What? No, no!
You have to believe me!
Wait. Wait! Wait!
We've got to get
in there.
We will.
We just need Tim and Lucy
to get into place.
♪♪
Is somebody else
in the house?
I checked it.
Go check again.
♪♪
Aah!
Aah! Aah!
♪♪
Clear!
Nolan: Clear!
Tim: Clear!
♪♪
Lopez: Okay, how do we split up
the points?
I told you.
I know, I know.
You're not playing.
But we need to figure out
how to split them up right.
It's not tricky,
just give him more.
Wait, uh, are you guys trying
to rig it so Tim wins?
N--
Why would we do that?
I don't know.
This --
This competition is clearly
an emotional thing for him.
I just...
It's personal.
From when he was a rookie.
Oh.
Is it Isabel?
I-I met her once.
I know that
they were rookies together
before they got married.
Yeah. Yeah,
and they loved The Roundup.
They had
an epic competition.
Do you really think holding
on to this
is what he needs?
Maybe it's better for him
to lose.
This contest is the one day a
year he feels connected to her.
Do you really want
to take that away?
♪♪
After some complicated math,
the winner is...
...Bradford and Chen!
Which means their drinks
are also free.
-Hey!
-Congrats, man.
-Eh.
I'll give you a hug.
Thank you.
♪ Where in the world
have I been? ♪
Hey.
When's the last time
you lost something?
What?
You broke all your dad's records
at the Academy.
You were the first
in your class.
When's the last time you lost
at a competition?
I don't know.
I can't remember.
Sounds exhausting.
Yeah.
It is, okay?
Look, I just need to prove
that I belong here,
that I didn't just inherit
this spot,
that I earned it.
Can I give you
some advice?
Sure.
Nobody cares how you got here
if you can do the job.
So give yourself a break
every now and then.
♪ Hold me close
and let me know... ♪
-Hey.
Thanks for looking out
for me today.
Oh, um, it was --
it was my pleasure.
I'm glad you won.
You were right.
You are my favorite.
Look, Nell,
I-I should tell you,
I'm married.
Huh.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
It's complicated.
But I-I can still buy you
a drink to say thanks.
Yeah, sorry.
I don't do complicated.
But, um, thanks
for the book.
Yeah.
Hey.
Sorry you lost.
No. I'm --
I'm happy you won.
Uh, look, I-I lied, uh,
when I said
I wasn't bothered
by Antonio hitting on you.
But it's not my place
to be jealous, so --
Of what?
I said no.
I didn't break up with you
so I could date somebody else.
I did it so I could focus
on being a cop.
♪ And let me know I'm not... ♪
I'm an idiot.
Yeah.
And I'm sorry.
♪ Hold me close
and tell me that... ♪
Me too.
Uh...I will see you later.
Goodbye.
So, it turns out
she's the mature one.
Wow, you really have changed.
It's not funny.
Give yourself a break,
John.
When was the last time
you were single?
Before I was married.
No.
No, I dated Cindy Carducci
all through high school.
So...never.
Wow. Yeah.
You deserve some you time.
To be a little immature
and figure out who you are
now that you're a single guy
in L.A.
Make mistakes.
Fall on your face, right?
Be on your own.
I don't like falling
on my face.
Or being on my own.
How would you know?
♪♪
To being on my own.
Together.
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪♪